# Vultraz's outline

Like I said, I think we should start with Tallin, Morvin, and Thera (drop the damn titles) as slaves. 

The latter two can't use magic anymore due to lack of practice in servitude. Rebellion (S1). 

Initially successful, but more reinforcements arrive in the interim before S2. Group tries to flee, is spotted by a wolf rider group. Group is pursued (S2). 

Perhaps some unique "block the enemy" mechanic. Group enters caves. Explores (S3). Breather scenario. 

They find some old, worn passages that lead to a more traversed area. They descend deeper (intro, S4). They encounter the dwarves somehow. Hamel? They meet a dwarvish mage (not a runemager, an actual dwarf who dabbles in "human magic". Let's make this Camrim). Helps Thera or Morvin regain magical ability. Other one not yet. 

Onto S5. Maybe we stick with the "freeing the mines" thing, but definitely would be a stealth demolition mission. Mines regained. 

S6, leave the caves. Other mage regains magical ability. All three very unsure what they should be doing. Disagreement ensues. Tallin is a bit of a coward, thinks they should flee to Wesmere and seek asylum. Morvin thinks they should help the dwarves stage a rebellion. Thera likes the idea of rebellion, but thinks their best chance is to head east to the port of Jotha (it's on the map) and regroup first.

Cannot decide, so they simply wander west, sticking to the foothills. They encounter an orc slave caravan on the road. They free the prisoners. An Elvish nobel is among them (Eryssa?) S7, they join her and head to WHERE ARE THE ELVES OF THE FAR NORTH?, meeting up with an elvish rider garrison that had been sent to try and rescue her (too damsel-in-distress, maybe?). Orcs are in pursuit, the elves and co rebuff them. Eryssa and court hold meeting, decide orcs willing to even come near WHERE ARE THE ELVES OF THE FAR NORTH? shows their daring and the power of Rhaksas. All agree he must be stopped. The dwarves are contacted, morvin and threa leave to help free some human settlements along the coast and rally them (hapens offscreen). 

S8. Tallin + elves moves against an orcish stronghold to the western edge of the heart mountains. 

S9, more orcish fighting, but the dwarves join them now. They manage to take out an orcish General. 

S10, Breather. lot of dialog. dunno, do some filler-y thing here. 

S11, humans rejoin with morvin and thera, main assault on rhaksas stronghold. 

S12, epilogue.