S1 - Through the Mists (tentatively complete)

S1x - Renegades
Cutscene

Tallin has not stopped running and entered the woods. He knows the drakes and saurians, and maybe orcs might be pursuing. So he must not stop to rest.

He is then beset by wolves. He thinks this is the end, but is sort of "content" that he is dying a free man. Then suddenly, arrows...and a thrown knife and crossbow bolt fired are heard and then suddenly a small party of orcs and goblins arrive and kill off the wolves.
(already in recall list of side 1 at cutscene start so they can be recalled to their spots)

This is Clan Withervein...or..whatever's left of it. So...after introductions and brief explanations, Tallin is invited to join them as they wish to escape the madness (not like he has a choice)

S2 - Ancient Catacombs

start event
sighted wolves event (remark on goblin spearmen can mount the weaker ones)
dialogue for goblin taming wolf 
sighted rock elemental events
comment on the shrooms and why they should be avoided
comment on fire elementals sighted
comment on cave wyrms and cave wyrmlets
comment on saurians lurking in caves
comment on seeing the big bear
comment on water serpent 
comment on mudcrawlers
comment on capturing village event 2,42 (and getting a nasty surprise)
comment on 35,50 trap 
comment on 9,55 finding a potion inside
comment 23,48 (this bridge is broken..so find some other way?)
comment on sighting tentacle of the deep
comment on seeing masked dwarves, trolls and saurians fight
death dialogue for Gruk (clan withervein's last leader)
comment 26,42 (bridge seems to be broken by rock elementals)
comment on 24,18 (about maybe the door should be opened?)
comment on the door's opening and seeing monsters inside. Hehe.
comment on seeing the gates to the abandoned lab and rushing there
comment on closing off the gates and getting everyone inside
comment on exploring
comment on seeing the book and getting it
final cutscene dialogue

S3 - The Coalition

start event. Tallin and zorfu talk
they hear battledrums and battle outside and move to investigate
dialogue on the Hamel, Dara, Aiglondur and Angarthing and the current state of things
dialogue on Tallins succeeding the outlaw humans to side with him and accepting Zorfu
dialogue on turn 3-4 where Tallin/Zorfu remarks to better just rush into the dwarven caverns
drakes killing dwarves dialogue
saurians killing dwarves dialogue
dwarves killing a drake/saurian dialogue
dialogue on Hamel later on that this is a lost battle

03x - Sunken Bastion

dialogue cutscene on the current state of things
expedition to Kal Kartha considered
follow-up cutscene on Tallin and his book and eventual transformation to Rogue-Mage line
(the expedition isn't supposed to start immediately). They take a month to prepare. (see draft)

S4 - Snowclad Peaks

start event - introducing keyya and possibility of gryphon riders
hunting scenario info in terms of "we need supplies or we're done for"
sighted drake subjugator dialogue
encountering the 3 minibosses dialogues
some dialogue encouraging player to hunt more seriously
dialogue by drake leaders who flee
enough supplies gathered dialogue
gryphon riders unlocked dialogue

(additional scenario dialogue stuff might happen if it's decided to add fruits/herb gathering alongside the meat)

S5 - Gore Knolls

S6 - The East Gate

S7 - Lord Masks

S8 - The Underlevels

Misc:

Death dialogue for Tallin
Death dialogue for Aiglondur
Death dialogue for Zorfu
Death dialogue for Angarthing
Death dialogue for Hamel
Death dialogue for Keyya (Gryphon Broodmother)

Death dialogue for Dara (the loyal thief/rogue)
Death dialogue for Dulcatolos (might be two sets)
    (one for S6 and another which is loyal unit)

Death dialogue for Eryssa
Death dialogue for Elenia
(they appear as a heroine and loyal in S8, but later as allied side in S11)

Unit descriptions:
Clockwork units (6 units)
custom drakes (4 units)
earth daemons (3 units)
goblins (3 units)
Flesh Golem
Abomination

